Add an "Errata" section (#2)
kwaters4/specification: content/backmatter.tex

%
\end{itemize}

\chapter{Errata}\label{sec:errata}

The \openshmem specification may occasionally include errata that are
discovered after the release of new versions.
These errata can range from typographical mistakes to more significant
technical inaccuracies that may affect the implementation or understanding of
the \openshmem API semantics.

> This Errata section reports these issues with the goal to maintain the

Reviewer: nit: 
section -> Section 
?

Reviewer 2: Text should be:
"This Errata Section~\ref{sec:errata}..."

integrity and utility of the OpenSHMEM specification.

> The sections below documents all known errata, their corresponding corrections,

Author: ```suggestion
The sections below document all known errata, their corresponding corrections,
```

and the affected version of the OpenSHMEM specification.

> It serves as a historical record of the changes made and assists users and

Reviewer: It -> This?

Author: done (in the context of a re-write)

> The sections below document all known errata, their corresponding corrections,
> and the affected version of the OpenSHMEM specification.
> It serves as a historical record of the changes made and assists users and
> implementers with applying the necessary corrections.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Errors or ambiguities in the \openshmem specification may be discovered after
publication. Errata, or corrections, are included in the 
the sections below indicating the version of the OpenSHMEM specification
that required the correction or clarification. These corrections have been applied
to all subsequent versions of the specification and this section
serves as a historical record of the changes made to assist users and
implementers with applying the necessary corrections.
```

I think we can merge the above two paragraphs. Above is a proposed change.

Reviewer 3: Sorry I didn't include the whole change. I was also proposing to delete the first paragraph.

Author: Oh interesting, I did have to look up "errata" in the dictionary and it has 2 forms:
```
1) A mistake in printed matter...
2) A list of corrections to a publication...
```
I had written it for 1), but I like the 2) version better here.  I just didn't know the word could take either form ;)

\section{Version 1.5}

\begin{itemize}
  \item Clarified that \FUNC{shmem\_test\_all} and
     \FUNC{shmem\_test\_all\_vector} routines return 1 when the test set is empty

>         (\href{https://github.com/openshmem-org/specification/pull/466}{\#466}).

Reviewer 3: Please remove the links to github. These aren't perma-links and will stop working at some point. Can you include a reference to the changelog entry instead?

Author: done

  \item Clarified that \FUNC{shmem\_team\_split\_strided} and
     \FUNC{shmem\_team\_split\_2d} return nonzero when the parent team is
     \LibConstRef{SHMEM\_TEAM\_INVALID}
        (\href{https://github.com/openshmem-org/specification/pull/461}{\#461}).
  \item Corrected the \VAR{level} argument's recommended value in API notes for
     \FUNC{shmem\_pcontrol} to indicate that the value should be greater than 2 to enable
     profiling with profile library defined effects and additional arguments
        (\href{https://github.com/openshmem-org/specification/pull/480}{\#480}).
  \item Clarified that fence operations only guarantee ordering for operations
     that are performed on the same context
        (\href{https://github.com/openshmem-org/specification/pull/496}{\#496}).
  \item Clarified that \VAR{source} and \VAR{dest} arrays must be the same
      across \acp{PE} in \openshmem reductions
        (\href{https://github.com/openshmem-org/specification/pull/490}{\#490}).
\end{itemize}

> 

Reviewer 2: @davidozog I noticed that these are duplicated in the Change Log. Do you think we should break these out from there as errata?

Shmem_test_all: Missing in Changelog

[Team_Strided](https://github.com/kwaters4/specification/blob/1d6f40e2cd9b1c71754a3f45d4bc124b9065c5cd/content/backmatter.tex#L679C1-L679C2)

[Level](https://github.com/kwaters4/specification/blob/1d6f40e2cd9b1c71754a3f45d4bc124b9065c5cd/content/backmatter.tex#L706)

[Fence](https://github.com/kwaters4/specification/blob/1d6f40e2cd9b1c71754a3f45d4bc124b9065c5cd/content/backmatter.tex#L671)

Reductions buffers: Missing in Changelog
